"Pouce d'Or" RESTful service (Symfony)
======================================

Repository for the Symfony version of restful service for Pouce d'Or Website : www.poucedor.fr

# Major bundles used

* Symfony 3.2
* Doctrine
* phpUnit
* FOSUserBundle
* FOSOauthServerBundle
* FOSRestBundle
* JMSSerializerBundle
* NelmioApiDocBundle
* BazingaGeocoderBundle

# To Do

## For Version 1.0

* Deal with email service not to be marked as spam: Integrate (https://sendgrid.com/docs/Integrate/Frameworks/symfony.html)
* Add security layer with user roles
* Capifony (Deployment Tool)

## For Version 2.0

* Add Facebook and Google OAuth2

## Issues

phpunit have issues : Fixed it by installing phpunit through composer.
Have to run it : "./vendor/bin/phpunit"


# How it works

All API calls are in the documentation : Api.html.
Generated by NelmioApiDocBundle. Please re-generate the documentation to have an up-to-date one.

## Localization

There is a city database with the most used cities (linked with a country table). Basic GET will search on that database.

If you need to add one, there is a location service which able to retrieve city information (latitude, longitude ...) by OpenStreetMap (Nominatim), Google Map ...

Service made with BazingaGeocoderBundle.

## Teams

Only teams of 2 users.
Front-end will let only 2 users from the same school to make a team but backend can handle 2 users from different school.

# Tech

## Serialization

We used JMSSerializerBundle for serialization with groups annotations in models.

## RESTful

Made with FOSRestBundle.

## Users

Made with FOSUserBundle (Identification, SignUp, LogIn).

## Authentication (Security)

Made with FOSOauthServerBundle.
We used OAuth2 authentication: password grant



# How to use it

## Setup

Get vendors via composer ("composer update"). https://getcomposer.org/download/

Run Apache and mySQL with the test database. You can use MAMP (OSX) or WAMP (Windows).

## Access to API documentation

Access with the following address: localhost:8888/web/app_dev.php/api/doc

## Run tests

Install phpUnit on your machine: https://phpunit.de/getting-started.html 

WARNING : See Issues paragraph

Run tests with the command: phpUnit

# The project

It's a personal project done after work hours for the Pouce d'Or contest.


# License

This website have been created and is owned by Olivier NGUYEN QUOC.

**Copyright © 2014-2016 Olivier NGUYEN QUOC. All rights reserved.

No rights permission given including rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software without an authorization of the owner.**


All technologies used are under MIT license or BSD license.

A Symfony project created on September 19, 2016, 2:46 pm.
